all right now it's time for something
called it's this is called
cross-promotion okay
ricky gervais has a new game show here
on ABC called child support and he
really wanted to be here to promote it
in person but he's very busy not being
here to promote it in person so he made
a video he sent a video and I don't know
exactly what the nature of the video is
it's it wants it to be a surprise okay
so well just roll it I guess I can't be
bothered but I've seen the show I get
the gist of it you do it intro you ask a
few questions you show a clip so let's
do that in this tape so just play this
tape read the introduction I've sent
through on the piece of paper oh and um
we're done go for it okay I'll just read
this intro you wrote em okay he okay he
is genius an absolute legend creator of
the office extras and Derek he is
versatile he's the best stand-up
comedian in the world his brilliant news
show humanity has just been acquired by
Netflix for a ton of cash and I don't
blame them
probably worth twice what they paid him
he's also got a new radio show on Sirius
XM which is better than anything I've
ever done I wish I was him but I'm not
him and in fact I'm sort of
weird-looking anyway he's got a new quiz
show we say game show on ABC Friday's
called child support please welcome the
proper sexy bloke Ricky Gervais okay
please
if I did that all right so my first
question you wrote is how are you so
good at stuff don't know just down okay
and.and you do loads for charity yes yes
and that's why you're internationally
loved not for me to say okay that's
modest I guess yeah its modest how long
is your play I'm not asking how long is
I'm not seven inches all right well
you've been absolutely brilliant
can we show a clip of your new quiz show
child support if you want yes thank you
we do want and here it is Ricky's new
show great new show child support how
stressful is being around a bunch of
kids she's married are you married
that's end-over-end for over 30 years a
good question child-support airs on ABC
Fridays at 7 o'clock central Ricky
please come and visit us the next time
you're in town we'd love to have you
okay all right go ahead and ricky
gervais severy buddy thank you
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen forever